README.md, before:

# Auth0 AngularJS Samples

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-angularjs-samples/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-angularjs-samples/tree/master)

These samples demonstrate how to add authentication to an AngularJS application with Auth0. Each folder contains a distinct application so that various Auth0 features can be viewed in isolation. You can read about these examples in our [AngularJS Quickstart](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/spa/angularjs).

These samples use Auth0's [hosted login page](https://auth0.com/docs/hosted-pages/login) which offers the fastest, most secure, and most feature-rich way to add authentication to your app.

For examples which demonstrate embedding the Lock widget directly into your application, see the [embedded-login](https://github.com/auth0-samples/auth0-angularjs-samples/tree/embedded-login) branch.

## What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

* Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://docs.auth0.com/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, among others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.
* Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://docs.auth0.com/mysql-connection-tutorial)**.
* Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://docs.auth0.com/link-accounts)** with the same user.
* Support for generating signed [Json Web Tokens](https://docs.auth0.com/jwt) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.
* Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.
* Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://docs.auth0.com/rules).

## Create a free Auth0 account

1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com/signup) and click Sign Up.
2. Use Google, GitHub or Microsoft Account to login.

## Issue Reporting

If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/whitehat) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

## Author

[Auth0](https://auth0.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for more info.

Commit message:

Add deprecation notice
Deprecate this sample as the accompanying Quickstart has been removed.

README.md, after:

# Auth0 AngularJS Samples

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-angularjs-samples/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/auth0-samples/auth0-angularjs-samples/tree/master)

This repository has been deprecated. Please see the [updated Angular Quickstart](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/spa/angular2) for guidance.

## What is Auth0?

Auth0 helps you to:

* Add authentication with [multiple authentication sources](https://docs.auth0.com/identityproviders), either social like **Google, Facebook, Microsoft Account, LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, Box, Salesforce, among others**, or enterprise identity systems like **Windows Azure AD, Google Apps, Active Directory, ADFS or any SAML Identity Provider**.
* Add authentication through more traditional **[username/password databases](https://docs.auth0.com/mysql-connection-tutorial)**.
* Add support for **[linking different user accounts](https://docs.auth0.com/link-accounts)** with the same user.
* Support for generating signed [Json Web Tokens](https://docs.auth0.com/jwt) to call your APIs and **flow the user identity** securely.
* Analytics of how, when and where users are logging in.
* Pull data from other sources and add it to the user profile, through [JavaScript rules](https://docs.auth0.com/rules).

## Create a free Auth0 account

1. Go to [Auth0](https://auth0.com/signup) and click Sign Up.
2. Use Google, GitHub or Microsoft Account to login.

## Issue Reporting

If you have found a bug or if you have a feature request, please report them at this repository issues section. Please do not report security vulnerabilities on the public GitHub issue tracker. The [Responsible Disclosure Program](https://auth0.com/whitehat) details the procedure for disclosing security issues.

## Author

[Auth0](https://auth0.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for more info.
